We have to understand that we have risen above our human awareness
and at that level we were different and at
this new awareness we are different people
and all our priorities must change.
Our value system has to change, and if it has not changed automatically
we have to little bit deliberately work it out.
Or else we have to see that we become really the Spirit
and no more of all the falsehood of human awareness should be attached to us
or we should be bothered about it.
The, if you see, the principle of everything,
as I see, the principle of everything,
rather human endeavor, whatever it is, it is based on gathering property.
Whether it is communism, or it is democracy or socialism or anything,
it’s all going round and round to the point of property.
Property, that may be land, that may be money, that may be anything.
All economic activity surrounds that one point, is property.
So the democracy, though it’s a political organization or political theory,
actually is based on something very economic, economical thing called property.
Then, same about communism, we can say; it’s the same thing,
to, how to distribute the property, how to have the property equally,
how to make everybody self-sufficient.
But as soon as you become a realized soul,
you have to know that your properties and your priorities are very different.
Your property is your Spirit and your priorities are
where you can manifest your Spirit and can feel the Spirit of others.
So the whole concept that was so far obstructing you
and limiting your understanding
changes into an unlimited area where you start thinking of the Spirit.
Now in that concept of the Spirit, the property of the Spirit is twofold.
One in its nature, the nature of the Spirit is, as we call it, sat chit ananada,
means it is the joy.
Then it’s the truth. It tells you the truth all the times.
It gives you discretion, divine discretion,
and chit, the attention that acts, that
works, that gives you all the information.
So you have got the nature of the Spirit thus felt within yourself.
But on the other side, what does it want or what are its duties
or why to be the Spirit is?
Such questions arise later on when we
are about to enter into the Kingdom of God.
Why to enter into the Kingdom of God?
So in outside and, we can say, all the manifestations of the Spirit is,
that it is benevolent. It is hita cari.
It gives benevolence to others.
It gives you benevolence and it gives benevolence to others, also.
The only joy in that is benevolence.
And you think of all these material things, which are so important otherwise,
as if they are for giving it to someone just to express your love.
So the benevolence that comes through love,
benevolence doesn’t come through oppression or suppression or by intimidation
but it comes only through love,
and if you have faith in your love you can work it out.
Everybody has his own role to play, everybody has his own style to work out,
but it has to be for the benevolence of the whole and not of an individual.
Once you realize that, such a person becomes extremely humble,
extremely conducive and he can articulate
in a very beautiful manner with other people
and you never feel that he is your boss but you feel he is your father.
He’s looking after you with love and affection,
but in that love there’s no expectation at all, except that of giving.
And this giving is the most beautiful thing Sahaja yogis can do.